docs: add release notes for 1.12.0 (#478)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/install/releases.mdx

id: releases
---

## 1.12.0
29 August 2023

This version is compatible with Kubernetes versions 1.24 to 1.26.

### Breaking changes

- Kubeconfigs downloaded from the Okteto web UI now require Okteto CLI 2.15 or higher to use dynamic tokens for authenticating against Kubernetes. <!-- 6972 -->

### Features

> - The Okteto CLI has been upgraded to version [2.19.0](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.19.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Okteto CLI has been upgraded to version [2.19.2](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.19.2).
```

- The Admin view has been redesigned with a new vertical tab column. <!-- 6851 -->

> - A new section has been added to the Admin view for listing "Registry Credentials". (link to docs TBC) <!-- 6851 -->

Reviewer 2: This PR is adding the section in the docs to be linked here: https://github.com/okteto/docs/pull/480.

@omnomagonz Could you help us to write a small reflect about our reasoning behind this e.g. how we believe it’s more usable, and that it will help us as we increase the admin-level features

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added "Registry Credentials" to the Admin view to display configured private registry information. This provides visibility into the private registries in use for your Okteto instance (username/password and AWS Access/Secret only for now) (link to docs TBC) <!-- 6851 -->
```

Would this work?

Reviewer 3: Resolving for the sake of keeping this moving. Feel free to modify further :)

> - Added "Registry Credentials" to the Admin view to display configured private registry information. This provides visibility into the private registries in use for your Okteto instance (username/password and AWS Access/Secret only for now) (link to docs TBC) <!-- 6851 -->

Reviewer 4: We're missing the priority class feature https://github.com/okteto/app/commit/864297313e86c71f47613bfd5d2b1a7364d57332

I'll send another PR documenting it, and then you can link it here

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/okteto/docs/pull/483
